Gustavo has the keys to many of
bigote's behaviors during his
relationship with paresa let's see Gustavo was the
person who attended to Edmundo's desires
while Teresa was
at home and said to the world I
want to go to this place because Gustavo
did his job I want to go to such a place
It seems that bigote used
Gustavo's services for his meetings
and his moves without using the driver
no Hey take me here take me there but
Gustavo yes when he began to
realize the situation Or suspected yes he told him
off and said Hey what's
going on what are you bringing I don't
like him one bit but there comes a
time when Gustavo is aware of the
life that Edmundo leads behind
Teresa Campos's back and there is a moment in which
Gustavo expresses his discomfort he does not
do it with Teresa Campos he does do it with
his daughters he does do it with papar chis to whom he
says and warns them he says
sorry to bigote let's see what
you get and there is a moment of great
internal conflict in Gustavo because  He
feels like he is betraying the
person he loves the most, Teresa
Campo, regarding the photos. If you want